# Privacy Policy


Protecting your privacy is really important to Euphoria ("**Euphoria**",
"**we**" or "**us**"). With this in mind, we are providing this Privacy Policy
to explain our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of
information that we receive through our services providing you the ability to
create and participate in chat rooms ("**Services**"). This Privacy Policy
does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if
they are accessible through our Services. Also, please note that, unless we
define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized terms used in this
Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service. So, please
make sure that you have read and understand our
[Terms of Service](/about/terms).


## Revisions to this Privacy Policy

Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the Privacy
Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may revise this
Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this
Privacy Policy, we will notify you of those changes through our Services, and
we will update the "Last Updated" date above to indicate when those changes
will become effective.


## Information Collected or Received from You

### Account Information

You do not need to create an Account to use our Services. But if you choose to
create an Account, we will collect certain information that can be used to
identify you ("**PII**"), such as your email address.


### Information you Provide via Chat

You control what information, including PII, you share with us through the
functionality of our chat rooms. We do not ask for, and we encourage you not to
share your PII on or through the Services. To the extent you choose to include
any PII in your chats, we will collect that information.


### Feedback

To the extent you choose to include any PII in your Feedback to us or in
response to our surveys, we will collect that information.


### Information Collected Using Cookies and other Web Technologies

Like many website owners and operators, we use automated data collection tools
such as Cookies to collect certain information.

"**Cookies**" are small text files that are placed on your hard drive by a Web
server when you access our Services. We may use both session Cookies and
persistent Cookies to identify that you have logged in to the Services and to
tell us how and when you interact with our Services. We may also use Cookies to
monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services and to
customize and improve our Services. Although most browsers automatically accept
Cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting
Cookies or to prompt you before accepting Cookies. Please note, however, that
if you do not accept Cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or
features of the Services.


### Information Related to Use of the Services

Our servers may automatically record certain information about how a person
uses our Services (we refer to this information as "**Log Data**"), including
both Account holders and non-Account holders (either, a "**User**"). Log Data
may include information such as a User's Internet Protocol (IP) address,
browser type, operating system, the web page that a User was visiting before
accessing our Services, the pages or features of our Services to which a User
browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links
on our Services that a User clicked on, and other statistics. We use Log Data
to administer the Services and we may analyze Log Data to improve, customize
and enhance our Services by expanding their features and functionality and
tailoring them to our Users' needs and preferences. We may use a person's IP
address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our
Services are used.


### Information Sent by Your Device

We collect certain information that your device from which you are using the
Services (such as mobile phone, tablet, computer, etc.) sends when you use our
Services, like a device identifier, user settings, and the operating system of
your device, as well as information about your use of our Services.


## Use of Information Collected

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our
Services, to administer your use of the Services (including your Account, if
you are an Account holder), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our
Services. We will use your PII to:

 * provide Services, verify your contact details, communicate with you, and
   provide customer support in relation to the Services.

 * resolve disputes, collect fees (if any), and troubleshoot problems.

 * customize your experience and otherwise measure and improve our Services.

 * send you relevant emails and communications (including keeping you informed
   about our products, offerings, and any promotional offers) that might be of
   interest to you. (If we use your personal information to market to you, you
   will be able to opt-out of such uses.)

 * help promote a safe Service and detect and prevent error, fraud, abuse of
   our Service, and other potentially prohibited or illegal activity.

 * enforce our agreements, terms, conditions, and policies, and send you
   notices and alerts.

 * prepare aggregated data, including for general marketing and analytical
   purposes.


## Information that We Share with Third Parties

We will not share any PII that we have collected from or regarding you except
as described below:


### Information Shared with Our Services Providers

We may engage third-party services providers to work with us to administer and
provide the Services (e.g. companies that provide us services such as hosting
and maintenance of our Site, data storage and management, moderating the Site,
etc.). These third-party services providers have access to your PII only to the
extent needed to perform services on our behalf.


### Information Shared with Third Parties

Third party pages embedded in our Service may use cookies and collect
information in ways consistent with their respective privacy policies.


### Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others

We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties
to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you
to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our
sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims,
legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and
safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in
general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or
legally actionable.


## Your Choices

We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your PII and
we will respect the choices you make. Please note that if you decide not to
provide us with the PII that we request, you may not be able to access all of
the features of the Services.


### Opt-Out

You may be offered the choice to receive periodic emails providing news and
promotion for our Services. When you receive such promotional communications
from us, you will have the opportunity to "opt out" (either through your
Account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you
receive). We do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services
and you will not be able to opt out of those communications â€“ e.g.,
communications regarding updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy
or communication in connection with your Account (if applicable).


### Modifying Your Information

You can access and modify the PII associated with your Account by logging in to
your account or by sending us an email. If you want us to delete your PII and
your Account, please contact us via email with your request. We will take steps
to delete your information as soon we can, but some information may remain in
archive/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.


## Responding to Do Not Track Signals

We do not track our Users over time and across third party websites to provide
targeted advertising, and hence do not respond to Do Not Track signal. However,
third parties whose pages we may embed in our Service or to whose website we
may link to, may track your online activity over time and across websites
including our Site, and we do not control them.


## The Security of Your Information

We take reasonable administrative, physical, and electronic measures designed
to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your
PII) from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Please be aware, however,
that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing
information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute
security of any information.


## Links to Other Sites

Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or
operated by third parties (each, a "**Third-party Service**"). Any information
that you provide on or to a Third-party Service or that is collected by a
Third-party Service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the
Third-party Service and is subject to the owner's or operator's privacy policy.
We are not responsible for the content, privacy, or security practices and
policies of any Third-party Service. To protect your information we recommend
that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Third-party Services that
you access.


## International Transfer

Your PII may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of
your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the
privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.


## Our Policy toward Children

Our Services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly
collect PII from children under 13.


## Questions?

Please contact Euphoria if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.
