# Terms of Service  *updated Jan 9, 2024*


Welcome to our online chat service ("**Euphoria**"), located at
[euphoria.leet.nu](https://euphoria.leet.nu) (the "**Site**"). Please read
these Terms of Service (the "**Terms**") and our
[Privacy Policy](/about/privacy) carefully because they govern your use of our
Site and our services  that enable you to chat, create chat rooms, and
otherwise interact via our Site (collectively, the "**Services**").


## Agreement to Terms

By using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and by our
Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms and our Privacy Policy,
do not use the Services.


## Changes to Terms or Services

We may modify the Terms at any time, in our sole discretion. If we do so, we
will let you know either by posting the modified Terms on the Site or through
other communications. It is important that you review the Terms whenever we
modify them because if you continue to use the Services after we have posted
modified Terms on the Site, you are indicating to us that you agree to be bound
by the modified Terms. If you do not agree to be bound by the modified Terms,
then you may not use the Services anymore. Because our Services are evolving
over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services
(including Paid Features), at any time and without notice, at our sole
discretion.


## Who May Use the Services

### Eligibility

You may use the Services only if you are 13 years or older.


### Registration and Your Information

Though you do not need to register to use our Services, some features and chat
rooms may require registration. You may choose to register with our Services by
creating an account ("**Account**") with your email address. However, if you
create or manage a chat room (referred to as "**Host**"), you are required to
create an Account.

If you choose to register an Account with your email address, it is important
that you provide us with an accurate email address. You agree to update your
email, as needed, to keep it accurate and up-to-date. If you do not, we might
have to suspend or terminate your Account. You agree that you will not disclose
your Account password to anyone and you will notify us immediately of any
unauthorized use of your Account. You are responsible for all activities that
occur under your Account, whether or not you know about them.


## Feedback

We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services
("**Feedback**"). You can submit Feedback by emailing us or submitting it in
chat. You grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable,
fully-paid, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license under any
and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy,
modify, create derivative works based upon, and otherwise exploit the Feedback
for any purpose.


## Privacy Policy

Please refer to our [Privacy Policy](/about/privacy) for information on how we
collect, use, and disclose information from our users.


## Content and Content Rights

For purposes of these Terms: (i) "**Content**" means text, graphics, images,
music, software, audio, video, works of authorship of any kind, and information
or other materials that are posted, generated, provided, or otherwise made
available through the Services; and (ii) "**User Content**" means any Content
that users (including you) provide to be made available through the Services.
Content includes without limitation User Content.


## Content Ownership and Responsibility

Euphoria does not claim any ownership rights in any User Content and nothing in
these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and
exploit your User Content. Subject to the foregoing, Euphoria and its licensors
exclusively own all right, title, and interest in and to the Services and
Content, including all associated intellectual property rights. You acknowledge
that the Services and Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other
laws. You agree not to remove, alter, or obscure any copyright, trademark,
service mark, or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or
accompanying the Services or Content.


### Rights in User Content Granted by You

By making any User Content available through Services you hereby grant to
Euphoria a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicenseable, worldwide, royalty-free
license to use, host, copy, modify, store, cache, reproduce, create derivative
works based upon, publicly display, publicly perform, and distribute your User
Content in connection with operating and providing the Services and Content to
you and to other users. Please note, this license grant continues even if you
stop using the Services mainly because of the nature of the Services.

You are solely responsible for all your User Content. You represent and warrant
that you own all your User Content or you have all rights that are necessary to
grant us the license rights in your User Content under these Terms. You also
represent and warrant that neither your User Content, nor your use and
provision of your User Content to be made available through the Services, nor
any use of your User Content by Euphoria on or through the Services will
infringe, misappropriate, or violate a third party's intellectual property
rights, or rights of publicity, privacy, or confidentiality, or result in the
violation of any applicable law or regulation. You will indemnify and hold
harmless Euphoria and its officers, directors, employees, and agents from and
against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs
and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting
fees arising out of or in any way connected with your User Content.


### Rights in Content Granted by Euphoria

Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Euphoria grants you a limited,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to
download, view, copy, display and print the Content solely in connection with
your permitted use of the Services and solely for your personal and
non-commercial purposes.


## Code of Conduct

You agree to comply with our [Code of Conduct](/about/conduct) and general
rules and restrictions regarding your use of our Services.


## Rules Applicable to Hosts

If you are a Host, you have additional obligations. Please see
[Rules for Hosts](/about/hosts) for more information on rules
applicable to Hosts.


## Copyright Policy

Euphoria respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same. It is
Euphoria's policy to terminate, in appropriate circumstances and at its
discretion, the Services of users who repeatedly infringe or are believed to
be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders. Please see our
[Copyright and IP Policy](/about/copyright) for further information.


## Links to Third Party Websites or Resources

The Services and App may contain links to third-party websites or resources. We
provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible for the
content, products or services on or available from those websites or resources
or links displayed on such websites. You acknowledge sole responsibility for,
and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party websites or
resources.


## Termination

We may terminate your access to and use of the Services, at our sole
discretion, at any time and without notice to you. You may cancel your Account
at any time by sending an email to us, or if you are not an Account holder,
by ceasing to use our Services. Upon any termination, discontinuation, or
cancellation of Services or your Account, the provisions of these Terms
relating to Feedback, ownership provisions (including, without limitation,
Content and Content Ownership) and Euphoria's enforcement rights, warranty
disclaimers, indemnity, limitations of liability, dispute resolution
provisions, and general terms shall survive any such termination,
discontinuation, or cancellation.


## Warranty Disclaimers

THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE
OF TRADE. We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or
be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. We make no
warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness,
completeness or reliability of any Content.


## Limitation of Liability

NEITHER EUPHORIA NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR
DELIVERING THE SERVICES OR CONTENT WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR
GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST
OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM
THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON
WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER
LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT EUPHORIA HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE
FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

IN NO EVENT WILL EUPHORIA'S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR CONTENT
EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO EUPHORIA FOR USE OF THE SERVICES OR CONTENT
OR ONE HUNDRED UNITES STATES DOLLARS (US $100), IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD ANY PAYMENT
OBLIGATIONS TO EUPHORIA, AS APPLICABLE. THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF
DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN
BETWEEN EUPHORIA AND YOU.


## General Terms

These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement
between Euphoria and you regarding the Services and Content, and these Terms
supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or
agreements between Euphoria and you regarding the Services and Content. If for
any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms
invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent
permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force
and effect.

You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise,
without Euphoria's prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or
transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null. Euphoria may freely
assign or transfer these Terms without restriction. Subject to the foregoing,
these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their
successors, and permitted assigns.

Any notices or other communications provided by Euphoria under these Terms,
including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be given: (i) via
email; or (ii) by posting to the Services. For notices made by e-mail, the date
of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.

Euphoria's failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be
considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or
provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized
representative of Euphoria. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the
exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be
without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.


## Contact Information

If you have any questions about these Terms or the Services, please contact
Euphoria.
