# Statement of Values  *updated Sep 30, 2015*


## Hospitality: *Safety, comfort, welcoming of newcomers.*

Euphoria hosts online spaces that have a sense of place, where people are
comfortable and strangers are welcome. We are inspired by [third
places](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Third_place), venues that are neither
home nor work, where people gather together to relax, have fun, engage, and
socialize.

In order for such third places to coexist, Euphoria must be hospitable and
safe. We shall neither take part in nor tolerate behaviors and attitudes that
harm or intimidate people. We must never allow Euphoria to be used as a
platform for bullying or other abusive behavior. Visitors who arrive in good
faith should feel at ease wherever they go.


## Diversity: *Tolerance, fairness, accessibility.*

We embrace the principles of feminism and oppose oppression of any kind. We
staunchly reject and prohibit all forms of racism, sexism, homophobia, and any
other types of discrimination. Behaviors and language intended to alienate a
person on any such basis won’t be tolerated.

Euphoria must reach as diverse a population as possible. Diversity enables
vibrant, creative, and aware communities. We must consider all factors that
influence one’s ability or motivation to participate in Euphoria and its
policymaking, and work to make everyone feel welcome.


## Meaningfulness: *Online actions matter.*

During the internet’s exponential growth phase, it was common to treat the
online world as a novelty. We believe it’s time to move on from this mode of
thinking. The internet is a pervasive, important component of our lives, and
must be treated as such.

The interactions and experiences that take place on Euphoria are real and
meaningful. Online spaces may be virtual, but they have real impact and value.
We know the time and energy you’ll invest here are also real, which we’ll
respect and take seriously.


## Progress: *Continuous introspection, procedural evolution.*

Euphoria is a living, evolving platform. Chat rooms will come and go,
populations will shift, and contemporary norms will be a reflection of these
changes. As the world progresses and our network grows, we will learn and
evolve together over time to best serve the spirit of Euphoria.

We must be open to this progress with humility, even when it is challenging or
costly. Changes in policy, process, and design will be routine. We must drive
these adaptations in a thoughtful, fair, and inclusive manner.

Our awareness and values may expand over time, but should never regress. All
else is up for consideration.
